Yo, Marlene, Abelene, and Malle, and the programs. Oh, here, yes. Yeah, baby, we come here because you know, with the German thing, David was to introduce ourselves, but I think it will be the hard work here. But maybe now we get those. We can introduce with ourselves and also so that we know that teachers now have seen the minaction. This is so important for all of us to see you 
own inaction too. So maybe we go around and just say who we are 
and the program, where you are, and maybe we want to share something else, or maybe good with that, with the name for that. So yeah, well, the teacher candidate, Joe, would you like to start? 
So yeah, my name is Joe. And from Massachusetts, I did a program last year in City Year in New Hampshire, where I was a teacher's aide in a classroom of 24 or 4th graders, semi-bideling, but not officially. But yeah, I'm in the art education program, I teach as college. And that's all. Yeah, I need to teach in art education. So the big range is within the department of art and humanities, the department of art and the different program. So you 
do the valuable extension? I'm doing the scholarship. No, it's not really the extension. It's not a big extension, it's a whole 
failure with us. A single fellowship. So he speaks Spanish and he applied for it. He's in Jewish development, he's in Spanish. But take about the valuable extension. Okay. That was our next class. I'm so worried about teaching. I teach you by new art class. It's a nice lesson. Okay. Can you put a link to our teachers? 
It's like, we, because, sorry, I'm just jumping in. Yeah, just because we have like, switch languages, you know, morning. And then, the special teachers come in. And then, we're all morning in Spanish. And then the teachers come in and it's becoming worse. So it's kind of like a custom flow. You know, it's a... Yeah. Think about it. And then, we just have to decide what to do in English and what to do in Spanish in the Bible. But, I mean, they 
have an art teacher that can speak Spanish and have the Bible extension. They do that in Spanish. Oh, I will look at that. Okay. We'll be able to expand. Right. Do we want to go this way or... Do you agree, Manuel? Yeah. Just a Manuel. So, we put the Riko. I'm a programmer. I'm a programmer at Cleco Psychology. I'm currently working with my children in the Southwest. I'm a programmer, I have a teacher. I'm learning Spanish and I'm learning English. So I'm interested in that. And, yeah, I don't have so much 
experience with my children in the States. But, yeah, there are 
some tutorials and so on. And I'm learning other schools. But, I'm trying to... I'm a bit fast. Like... If this is like a list or not, let's go. And, eventually, I want to do my own thing. So, I'm interested in learning about a first-hand practice. I'm Andrea. I'm a Ecuadorian. I'm a programmer at Cleco. I'm a programmer. I've been a programmer for two years. Oh, and I have been teaching engineering. Gentlemen, teaching, in other places? It's the same through you? Ah, she's the last name in grad, you know. 
Ah, I know. Served from school, is actually, for us. So, maybe ind here? I'm a person. I'm from the same program that Andrea has in my school. She's a teacher. She's a teacher. She's a teacher. She's a teacher. She's a teacher. Almost the same person. My mom wants to teach Andrea. And... Well, and yes, and I'm first in fifth grade in two classes. And she's already 12th grade in the middle of 2023. And she's already been in the high school. And 
she's been working for a long time. Ah, and she's a student. And she's a student. And she's a student. How long is it going to take to get a student to study in the middle of the year? I'm going to be a student at home. What is this? I'm not going to be a 
student. I'm not going to be a student. Well, and I'm Patricia. 
I think we're going to get to know each other better. Because we've been through this program. Just like you did a few years ago. Fabi was passing through this experience. And we're going to be a teacher. And she's been working here for a long time. And now I'm the teacher at the program of bilingual, al-Korchor, education. And we have a lot of work and a lot of data. I don't know 
if I've read that much. And we've been through this for three years. We've been through this program for a long time. I've been 
in the middle of the year. I've been in this program for a long 
time. But well, the weather is nice. And you're very happy because you're going to be more of a teacher. But with the same teachers, you're going to be a teacher. And you're going to be a teacher. And in school, you're going to be a teacher. I'm going to be a teacher. I'm not going to be a bilingual teacher. This is my second year. I need to get out of here. But I'm going to be a teacher. And then I would like to continue with my doctoral school. That's why I'm also working on those projects, like the research and the reflection of that. I work a lot. I work a lot in the middle of the year. For children, for children, for children. 
So I have to be a teacher. I work a lot. I'm Gabriela. I'm from 
Paraguay. And I'm here for my best friend, VicePet. This is my first year. I'm here for less than two months. I'm a career psychologist. And for the way I start working with children, in school. I work a lot of time. Before coming here, I was a student in 
my country. For children, and that's why I'm interested in education. I'm in a program called Hotsuah Education. I'm also in my 
third year. Because I'm a little slow. Because I'm also a full-time mother. I'm a slow mother. But this semester, I'm doing this practice for Graduarmate in my field. Before I would teach in a couple of languages and in a Duel immersion program in Utah. But I'm doing various things. Now I'm a little rusty too. Practicing. I'm a teacher teacher. I teach in a program called Hotsuah Education. I'm very happy to be here. I'm a little special teacher. I'm a little different. Because I'm here with my teachers. I'm here with my colleagues. And I'm also a program teacher. I think it's a opportunity that we're going to have to exchange. And 
that we're here learning all of them. I'm sure. I always learn a lot from the teachers, from the children, especially. And I'm not sure if I'm going to be here. I'm going to be a part of the principal, and a professional. I'm going to see how we can teach 
and discuss the group of children and how to do it. Thank you for coming. Thank you. Thank you. So I'm a teacher at the party. And this is my sixth year of teaching for my own. But I have no experience teaching in Mexico, in English. And I also had experience teaching before that in Braena, in Richmond Public Schools. 
And this year I'm teaching third grade. I have experience teaching fourth grade, third grade in kindergarten. And it's something extra special. I have my panel extension for what you're interested in. I'm here to see if you want to get it. And yeah. I don't know what that is. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you. And this is my second year in Rio. I'm going to be a part of the school. And 
we're going to be a part of the school. I've already learned Spanish. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I learned Spanish. You know, I've been studying Spanish all my life. But when I was a student, I was a foreigner. I was a teenager. So I was a little bit more passionate about Spanish. In Buenos Aires we went to Parigolche, in Cucuis, a cafe. I went to almost four times. But I wanted to learn Spanish because my grandmother was a cuba. So my mother didn't speak Spanish. So I wanted to learn. And that's why I made my school for my teacher and my studies. Your mother taught you? Yes, she wanted to learn Spanish. So you were a teacher? Yes, I was a teacher. And you were a teacher? Yes. So you were a teacher? 
Yes, I was a teacher. And you were a teacher? Yes, of course. I 
was a teacher. I was a student. I was a teacher in Chile. And I 
was in New York almost 20 years old. I was a teacher in New York. I was a teacher. I was a teacher. I was a teacher. I was a teacher. And I was a border guards. I was like, have you seen anything? They cleaned up this. I was like, what is this? It's a border guard. I was like, what is this? I was studying in the program with her. I was a very youngster. So I studied there and I graduated from 4 years old. And this is my fourth year in New York. But the first time I was teaching in Los Cuentes and in Casonbridge. So we also met a lot of people in Los Cuentes. We have friends who work there. And they are ready to keep the connections. They also have to go to school. So that's how I was born. My first year in New York taught me in Los Cuarta. After two minutes, I did a second one, but after two minutes I finished my first year. I did a fifth year in Los Cuentes. I was a fifth year in Los Cuentes. I was a fifth year in Los Cuentes. And now I was born in the first year. But last minute I was born. So now I was born in Los Cuentes. So it was like a mountain. I used to use it less than I did. But I love my colleague. I love school. My children are my kids. And I'm happy to be here. I came here and I need to visit my students. I need to see what I can do. I always do. I love you. I love you. And I'm going to spend the day with my 
kids. I love you. Thank you very much. I'm very happy. I'm also 
a student in the College of Engineering and TC. I'm a second year. I'm going to graduate. In 2000, you were in high school? No, 
I was in high school. I was in high school. I was in high school. I was in high school. I'm teaching in Castlebridge for my student teaching. So it's a very good thing. But I'm also an emotional partner here. And I see another language as a function. I'm from Washington DC. But my family is from Cuba. Spanish is also for the community. It's good. It's good. It's good. That's all. I'm from San Marra. I'm from San Marra. I'm from Puerto Rico. I'm also from Spain. I'm from Chile. I was in California after two 
years in Washington DC. My first was in whales. I loved other whales. I came here from Washington DC. I came here to visit my class. I want to see how things are going to go. I'm teaching in an ICT class. We have a room. A room. Sure. We have a need of extra. I also have a room. I also have a room. I also have a room. 
I'm in a room. I have a room. It's very nice to have a room.